Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Evacuations are in progress.
All...
martial law.
Evacuations are in progress.
All residents are... to their
designated quarantines.
Martial law...
It's okay. sweetheart.
It's okay.
Please. my son. I need to know
if he's on the other bus.
We can check when we stop.
ma'am.
But my son.
Ma'am...
Alpha One. this is Alpha Two.
over.
One. this is Two. Do you copy?
Why are we stopped short
at the gate? Over.
Alpha One. this is Alpha...
Oh!
What the fuck?
What's happening?
You people have to tell us
what's happening.
Open the door.
It's all fine.
Everyone stay in the seat
and quiet.
Open the door.
And close it behind me.
No one gets on or off
till I get back.
Alpha Two. do you copy?
Open the door.
I don't think
that's a good idea.
Okay. Close the door behind me...
Patrick!
We need to protect ourselves.
That soldier out there's
got two guns on him.
I don't know.
Maybe we should sit tight then.
I'm going out. You got my back.
Come on. Let me go. Quick.
What's happening?
Patrick!
Emma!
Emma! Emma!
It's me. it's me. it's me.
Emma.
Where's Emma?
No!
No! No!
Leave me alone!
No!
Jack. Jack.
It's okay. I got her.
You're okay.
Jack. Emma.
It's okay. It's okay.
It's okay.
No. no. no!
She's bleeding!
What's up? I don't know.
It's not her.
It's not us.
Get away from the window.
please.
He killed another animal.
Time for homework.
I can't remember what real meat
tastes like anymore.
- Photo. Photosynthesis.
- Can you spell it?
F-O...
F.
What other letters
make the sound "F"?
P-H? Very good.
Patrick Thornton here.
broadcasting
out of Harmony on 109.9.
Can anybody read me?
Now. that is a real shame.
Because we've got
a very special show
in store for you today
on Radio Harmony.
Chock-full of contests.
interviews.
fantastic musical numbers.
So let's begin
with today's guests.
How you doing. John Doe?
"I'm doing good. Patrick.
Really good."
And so tell me. John.
Are you happy?
"Of course. Patrick.
Why wouldn't I be?"
Well. maybe because you haven't
talked to anybody
for nine years
besides your stupid dog.
All right.
Let's get to the weather.
The forecast for tonight
is cold.
Tomorrow. cold.
The day after tomorrow. cold.
Next year...
Well. let's move on to the
question-and-answer contest.
Now. this first one is easy.
Whoever gets it right
wins an all-expense-paid trip
to the end
of the fucking earth.
And the crowd goes crazy
with anticipation.
All right.
Now. here's the question:
Where the hell is everybody?
Good night. Lu.
Lu?
You know I don't like it
when you go downstairs
without telling me.
I didn't wanna wake you.
Anyway. I'm big now.
There are bedtimes
you need to follow.
You'll be big when I tell you
you're big.
Can I have another cookie?
I'm still hungry.
But that was...
You're not hungry.
you're bored.
When you're finished.
brush your teeth.
or you won't get
any more cookies.
I don't like brushing my teeth.
It hurts. Yeah. it hurts
because you don't
brush your teeth.
No. I don't like brushing
my teeth because it hurts.
It hurts because you don't
brush your teeth.
Okay.
Yeah. I'm coming.
Hey. doggy. Hey. buddy.
Did you miss me?
I saw a really cool episode
yesterday.
Ramble asked Mamble out.
She said no.
Because he didn't
bring her flowers.
I'd already seen it.
but it was funnier this time.
Hey. doggy. Did you do this?
Did you dig the hole yourself?
Good boy.
Now I can give you cookies
even better.
Just don't tell Dad.
He'll cover it back up.
No.
Where the hell do you run off to
every morning anyway?
Yeah.
Two times five.
Ten.
Five times three.
Fifteen?
Nine times 14.
No counting on your fingers.
Dad. how did you know?
I know everything.
Well?
You know this.
Hey. Dad? Yeah?
I think it's recess time.
Uh. few more minutes.
All right.
Hey. Dad. can I shoot?
I already told you no.
What?
I said it's not a kiddie game.
Then stop shooting
and come play with me.
I'm bored.
You don't like playing
with your dollies?
I'm too big
to be playing with dolls.
Oh. yeah? Who told you that?
Too big. huh?
What do you wanna play?
Um...
How about I be the teacher.
and you be my student?
Okay.
You again. Jack.
And you didn't
do your homework this time
because you think
you're Mr. Big Shot.
I'm... I'm really sorry. ma'am.
I'm... It won't happen again.
Dad. do it right.
In a kid's voice.
I'm sorry. ma'am.
It won't happen again.
Dad. I said do it in a kid's
voice. not a squirrel one.
Well. I ate a squirrel.
That's why I sound like this.
I have a squirrel in my tummy.
But he'd like some food.
because he's hungry.
And he likes little girls.
He wants to eat little
girls alive. I eat everything.
Dad...
I'm hungry.
All done.
Face and teeth. Daddy.
We should get her new flowers.
What is it? Open it.
Cool.
Who's that?
That's your mom
when she was really young.
All these things were hers.
Whoa.
But why are you giving me
all these today?
You don't know what today is?
Today...
Is it my birthday already?
How about you take it to her?
Because I'm pretty damn sure
Jack wouldn't open
the fucking door to me.
The last dog alive.
and the stupidest one.
House. No.
Loud. Nope.
No. I give up.
It's mouse. Mouse?
That's wasn't a mouse.
That was so a mouse.
Before there were lots of kids
at birthdays. right?
Absolutely. and you can
invite anybody you want.
They all brought you presents?
But is it true...
or just a story?
Why would I make
something like that up?
I don't know.
It's just. I've never seen
any other kids before.
Don't even remember
ever seeing Mom.
Honey. I'm telling you
the truth.
And your mom. you knew her.
You were just little.
That's why you can't remember.
Now that I'm grown up.
you can tell me the truth.
Do the monsters really exist?
They did.
But there are no more left.
They all died from the cold.
I'm cold. though.
and I'm not dead.
Well. that's because you're
a very strong young lady.
And grown-up.
And... No. not grown-up.
Oh. I'm very grown-up.
Very grown-up. Grown-ups dance.
Come on. honey. Come on. Lu.
Oh!
Spin!
That's all for today.
This is 109.9.
Somebody fucking answer me!
Hello?
Hello. this is...
This is Patrick Thornton in...
In Harmony.
I'm 109.9. Do you read me?
Hello?
Hello? Do you hear me?
Do you read me? Hello?
Lu?
What are you doing under there?
Would you come out here. please?
Lu. come out here.
Lu.
All right. Move over.
I'm coming in.
Come on. Scooch over.
Now will you tell me
what you're doing under here?
I saw a monster last night.
Out the window.
What'd it look like?
Like Ramble.
But really white
instead of gray.
And no hair.
Claws too.
Oh. and fangs.
I think.
Honey. that was a bad dream.
You were having a nightmare.
No. First. I had the nightmare.
then I woke up
and saw the monster.
You said so yourself
that before.
there were monsters
that killed Mom.
And all those monsters
have died from the cold.
And they didn't
look like Ramble.
If they all died...
then why do you keep
so many locks on the door?
You never let me go out.
Not even to get food with you
from the other houses.
You wanna go with me
to get some food?
Okay.
Let's go down to the kitchen
and get some food. Come on.
Wait. what?
Okay. bunny.
I need you to not let anybody
but doggy in this hole. Okay?
Thank you.
Come on.
So. uh...
you're the one.
The one responsible for my dog's
daily disappearing act.
If you give him too many treats.
he could go blind.
The... The dog. he...
You can... You can eat
as many cookies as you'd like.
Get away from her!
Don't you look at her!
Don't you come near her!
Don't you talk to her!
You shut that dog up.
or I swear to God.
I will put a hole in him.
No. doggy's my friend!
Dog. Dog. shut up.
Come on.
Dog.
Jesus. Patrick. Quit making
noise or they'll catch us.
That what you say to Jack?
"Don't make too much noise.
or Patrick will catch us"?
You and Jack...
Dog.
Come on.
Dog!
Dog. quiet.
Dog! Dog. run! Run!
Dog!
Go. go. go!
Come on.
Come on. Dog!
Come on. Dog.
Run! Come on! Come on!
It's too heavy.
Hold with both hands.
This is your sight.
Like your finger.
You aim right at the bottle.
Okay.
Put your finger on the trigger.
Squeeze it.
I can't.
Hold on. Take your finger off.
Okay. Wait.
Okay. Aim at the bottle.
Squeeze the trigger.
A little harder.
Lu?
That was so much fun. Daddy.
Can I do it again?
Can I. Daddy? Please?
Now. next time.
what I want you to do...
You see it?
Can I shoot it?
How hungry are you?
You better do it this time.
Stay there.
Jack!
Hey!
Run. Jack.
Lu. are you all right?
Look at me.
You okay. baby? Are you hurt?
Get in the house.
Get in the house now. Go on.
Get behind the gate.
Shoot it!
Lock the gate.
and get in the house! Now!
Shoot.
Aah!
No!
Honey. are you okay?
Get off me! No...
Get off me! Get off me!
Honey. calm down.
Honey. hey. Listen.
Listen up. Listen to me.
Honey. Listen to me!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Lu. honey.
Hey.
What did I tell you
about playing the hero. huh?
Huh?
What did I tell you?
No.
Fuck me.
Do it!
Do it. Patrick. Do it.
Hello?
Hello? Can you read me?
Oh. God.
Can you read me?
Are you out there?
Hello?
Yeah. I read you.
Oh. thank God.
For a minute there.
I dreamt I'd never
made contact with someone.
Yeah. Me too.
Well. where are you?
In Harmony.
It's in the...  I know it.
It's not so far
from where we are.
They're back.
We thought they were all dead.
but they're...
They're back. They infected me.
What? But...
You were bitten? When was it?
This morning.
Too much time's gone by.
You'd be one of them by now.
You're not infected.
I'm gonna kill it.
I'm gonna go out there...
and I'm gonna kill that...
That creature.
whatever it is. I'm...
Patrick.
That creature isn't responsible
for what happened today.
The neighbor could've
helped you. but he didn't.
He's got the girl.
and now you've got nothing.
What are you gonna do about it?
What?
Who are you?
You're a liar.
Last night you said
the neighbor
would turn into a monster
because he got bit.
But it's not true.
That's impossible. That thing...
That thing bit him.
Why'd you break my watch. Lu?
So you wouldn't know
what time it is.
That monster was the same one
I saw the other night.
and you didn't believe me.
Honey. can we call a truce?
What's a truce?
A truce is when you forgive
someone for a little while.
You always liked a second cookie
in the morning.
The second cookie
was for doggy.
Honey. please.
What's gonna happen
when you're real old?
Will I have to ask your
permission to go out then too?
I'm tired of living my life
locked up.
I've never been out
of this house.
and you've never
let me do anything.
I wanna go pick new flowers
for my mom.
No. you can't go out now.
If you're afraid.
I'll go myself.
Can't go out. Can't go outside.
Those things...
I don't know what they are.
but honey.
the monsters are back.
But they're flowers for Mom.
I bet the neighbor would do it.
Are you there. Patrick?
Answer. Patrick.
Who are you?
Patrick. are you there?
Patrick?
Who the fuck are you?
Patrick. the time is now.
You got your rifle ready
last night.
The decision's been made.
I am not a murderer.
I am not going to kill Jack.
Yes. you are.
Don't you dare
turn your back on me!
Shut up!  No. you shut up!
Don't make me hurt you.
You had the balls
to let Emma die.
and now you feel bad
for that son of a bitch.
you piece of shit.
Candy ass.
You don't even have the balls
to shoot a goddamn radio.
What'll happen to the girl?
Lu. there are no flowers left.
Then I won't call a truce.
But I found these.
Even better.
Now they won't jerk.
Thank you.
Thanks for watching. bunny.
I'll be back soon.
Promise.
Lu?
Lu.
No. no.
No. no!
Wait! Over here! Hey!
Lu. baby?
Oh. honey.
Look at me. baby. Look at me.
Lu?
Where the hell you going
this time of night?
It's the creature
that attacked you!
Think there'll be more?
Who are you?
I've been keeping watch
with binoculars.
What are you doing?
There's no sign of them.
Check this out.
Thought the fucker
would bleed out and die.
Tell me where Lu is. Patrick.
Fucking sealed up the wounds
in just a few hours.
We thought they were dying.
but they were evolving.
They adapted to their
environment.
Teeth.
Claws.
Hard skin for resisting cold.
Evolutionary change like that
could take millions of years.
It only took this thing nine.
What happened to Lu?
It's not all bad news.
Neither one of us got infected.
The contagious strain is gone.
Gives us a fighting chance.
right?
Totally blind.
Locate their prey
by sound alone.
Don't know how many more
are out there.
but we're gonna
have to be ready.
What happened to Lu?
How long you think it'll take
before this thing
starves to death?
Couple of weeks. a month.
These fuckers are tougher
than the first ones.
Where's Lu. Patrick?
Daddy?
How did you...? You okay. Lu?
I'm sorry.
It's okay. baby.
Patrick took care of me.
- It's okay. It's okay.
- I'm fine.
Oh. are you hurt?
Let me look at you.
- Are you all right?
I'm... I'm okay.
It's okay. baby.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to...
Are you cold? Are you hungry?
Patrick?
Are you there?
Patrick.
Listen to me. You...
Hello?
Neighbor Patrick?
Yes?
Dad! Hey. he answered! Come on!
I wanted to invite you over
for dinner tomorrow night.
I mean. canned pork.
Can you. Neighbor Patrick?
Yes. Lu. That...
I would like that very much.
What time should I come?
How about after my cartoon?
Okay. Lu. I will...
I will see you then.
I promise. Okay.
Bye. Neighbor Patrick.
Christ!
Whoo!
I didn't know
what to bring. so...
You don't drink anymore.
do you?
Me either.
Lu. come on down.
This is yours.
That's a...
It's a gift for Lu.
I figured.
What I mean is.
I don't play with these things.
Hi. Neighbor Pat...
Neighbor?
Aren't those fancy. I know.
They're like my mom's.
but without the holes.
Um...
it's for your birthday.
Look. Dad.
It's the one I wanted.
I thought you were getting
too old to play with dolls.
How'd you know it was the dolly
I liked the best?
I just figured.
I sure liked them
when I was a kid.
Okay. So be honest.
What else did you like
when you were a kid?
Um. lots of stuff.
Toy soldiers.
I had a whole bucket of them.
And then robots like Mazinger.
But more than anything.
playing hockey with my buddies.
You were a lucky duck.
All I get to play with
is my dolls.
There's gotta be a kid or two
out there somewhere.
Absolutely. There's gotta be
someone somewhere.
My dad says there's not any.
Are you scared of the monsters?
Of course he's scared
of the monsters.
That's why he protects himself.
And we'll be safe
as long as we protect ourselves.
Yeah. but he's braver.
Now that you two are friends.
you can go hunt animals
with my dad. right?
So we can have real food
like this more often.
I think that's a good idea.
I can help your dad hunt.
and he can help me
go get ammunition...
and other supplies
in the store.
What do you think?
I think you don't need
my dad's help to go into town.
You. when you were a kid.
did you know how to add
and subtract?
Well. not much.
I tell you what. not...
Not much now neither.
Well. I do. My dad taught me.
Watch. Three plus two is five.
Six plus one is seven.
Eight plus four is...?
Come on. It's easy.
No counting on your fingers.
That's cheating.
It's 12. Neighbor Patrick. 12.
I'm glad to know
your dad is good for something.
What about geography?
Did you know about geography?
Let's see. In what country
is the Great Wall of China?
Oh. gosh. Uh. Mexico.
Nope. China.
And do you know
what language they speak there?
Chinese.
Very good.
And do you know
what the population is?
Right now?
What is it?
What's so funny?
Why are you laughing?
Oh. shit.
Dad. he said a swear word.
If you swear.
people will think badly of you.
- I know. I know.
- Right. Dad?
- I know.
- They will.
It's pretty important
what people think about us.
Yeah. Well. especially
the Chinese. Goddamn Chine...
And then E.T.'s heart
started to beat again.
Boom-boom. Boom-boom.
Boom-boom.
And the plant that looked like
it was dead came back to life.
Tell me a story.
Meanwhile. Elliott
and his friends
planned E.T.'s rescue.
And she's out like a light.
Should I take her up?
I'll handle it.
Another night
where she goes to sleep
without brushing her teeth.
Not a tragedy.
I don't like it
when she disobeys.
It's normal. I'm sure you were
rebellious at her age too.
It'd be normal if we were living
in a normal world.
Disobeying is dangerous here.
She's a lot like her mother.
She has nothing
of her father in her.
I'm sorry about your dog.
Patrick.
I don't know what came over me.
It's all right.
I know what it's like to have
weird things come over you.
These things are back.
I haven't forgotten
what happened or what you did.
But I can't do this alone.
Not with Lu.
You can count on me.
For anything.
That truck we were
gonna take back before Emma...
I think I can get it working.
What?
We're not going anywhere.
What. are you planning
on staying here
and waiting for more to come?
What makes you think
more are coming?
The fuck are you saying?
They're coming.
If it's not today.
it'll be tomorrow or next week.
but they're back.
Shit. You're worried
about her brushing her teeth
instead of her living her life
cooped up
in this fucking prison.
There is no future here. Jack.
You lower your voice.
or you will wake her up.
We are safe here.
We can protect ourselves here.
We have no idea what's on
the other side of that valley.
That's the problem. Jack.
We don't know shit.
You have been so hell-bent
on surviving
that you have forgotten
how to live.
Oh. if you're so damn sure.
why the hell haven't you
left already?
This dinner was a bad idea.
This was her thing.
Go.
I'm grateful for how
you raised her.
Emma would also... No. No.
Don't you talk about Emma.
Not in this house.
I'm sorry.
What are you actually
sorry about?
Just go.
What did you do?
Emma's...
Do you know what you've done?
The infected are all gone.
They're not...
Drunk son of a bitch!
Fuck off!
It's okay. It's okay.
Where is she?
What? Emma. Where is she?
You fucking killed her.
Fuck.
Fuck you.
You're no longer her father.
Dad!
What?
Lu. what is it? What?
Baby. you were having
a bad dream.
Hey. It's okay.
The monsters
can't hurt you anymore.
I... I didn't dream
about the monster.
You died. and I was
left here all alone.
I don't wanna be alone. Daddy.
I thought I was big.
but I'm not.
It's okay.
I'm not. I'm not.
Okay. okay. okay.
You got room for two more?
Daddy! Dad.
Whoa!
Dad. do you see this?
Look. Neighbor Patrick. Look.
Look at all those trees.
See this?
Come on. Look.
Lu. stay close.
Lu needs a father. not a drunk.
You... You and Jack...
Patrick!
Is this where you got
the dolls from TV?
There's only one way
to find out.
Jack. give me a hand.
Lu?
Lu. wait for me.
Dad.
I think there's something
out there.
Are you okay?
Hey.
No! No! No!
Get in the truck.
It's okay!
Calm the fuck down. It's okay.
It's okay. It's okay.
She's in shock.
Her clothes are soaking wet.
All right. Yeah.
Come on.
Sweetie. go downstairs.
But I don't wanna be alone.
Go downstairs now.
Do not disobey me.
Go.
Is that woman gonna die?
No.
No. she just got very cold.
and that made her sick.
She's gonna be okay.
So there are other people
in the world?
Yeah. It looks that way.
Kids too?
I don't know.
We could ask her
if she gets better.
Now. that sounds like
a great idea.
Did you like my mom too?
It's just you have so many
pictures of her up in your room.
We don't even have
that many at home.
I think that's why you
and my daddy keep fighting.
It is. isn't it?
You are a...
A very clever girl.
And when my mom chose my dad.
I bet you were pretty sad.
But weren't there
other pretty girls for you?
None as pretty as your mother.
She's stabilized.
But she is running a fever.
It's hot.
I'm gonna go out
and check the fence.
You have to do what I tell you.
Please.
She was delirious.
Said dozens of creatures
attacked them.
See anything?
I hadn't noticed that
for so long.
What?
It's okay.
We were shut up in our house
for over a year.
My parents. my brothers and I.
we just stayed there.
because of what we heard on
the radio before the blackout.
Then what happened?
Then...
Then we left our house
and headed north
in just abandoned cars
we found along the way.
And living in all kinds
of places.
And we found
little cells of survivors.
People like you all.
And I met a guy
in one of these groups.
and I got pregnant.
Although. he never
had the chance to know it.
And...
about a few weeks ago. we...
We hooked up
with about a dozen others
and created a three-car convoy.
We heard a radio broadcast
out of this valley
and thought that maybe
things weren't so bad here.
Why did you leave your house?
Because...
that was no longer living.
I mean. we're human beings.
What about you?
How long have you been here?
Do you know how to braid? Lu.
Yeah.
I'd like to go to China.
It's really. really big.
Well.
I'd like to go to China too.
Yeah. They say
it's a very beautiful place.
What is it?
Is there really
a baby in there?
Yeah. There is.
And...
well. you know. when...
When he's born. you'll have
to help take care of him.
Would you like that? Yes.
You'll be able to play together
and be friends.
They're here. They're here.
No. No. we captured one.
It's harmless.
What? Yeah. It's harmless.
I'm telling you. Completely.
Hey.
That's how they fucking
call to each other.
What the hell is going on?
That we're all gonna die.
No one is gonna die.
Hey. you.
That's a nice doll.
What's his name?
Lu doesn't deserve this.
I call him Randy. Look.
I'm sorry.
Sorry for everything
that's happened.
It's not my forgiveness
you need.
What...?
Lu. sweetie. for once
in your life. just obey Daddy.
I need you to go downstairs.
Listen to me. Lu. listen to me.
Daddy needs to help get
the monsters out of the house.
If I kept you.
I don't know you'd be safe.
The windows. they're very small.
and the monsters cannot get in.
Listen. they won't get in.
So I'm gonna shut the door.
walk downstairs.
No. Daddy.
And no matter what happens.
you don't make a sound.
All right?
Do you understand?
That's right. sweetheart.
That's right.
That way they can't hear you.
Okay. so you just...
And when this is all over.
Daddy is gonna open the door.
Okay?
You'll be fine. You'll be fine.
No.
Patrick.
I think they're inside
the walls.
Lu? Honey. are you there?
Lu?
Drop dead!
Lu.
I don't like the basement.
There's a monster.
and he tried to hurt me.
That's why I need you
to stay right here.
- No.
- Look.
everybody can see each other
right here.
You'll be safe here.
Where's my dad?
Your dad...
Your dad is upstairs.
and he's gonna be down
any minute.
I just need you to stay here.
Stay away from the doors
and the windows.
and everything's gonna be okay.
Hello? Do you read me?
We're broadcasting
from Spring Falls.
This not a pre-recorded
message.
Lu? Lu. what are you doing?
Are you hurt?
Dad! Dad!
Now stay here. Don't move.
More fuel?
Yeah. but the generator's
out too far.
More ammo?
Not enough.
Shit.
Give me some fucking light!
Right here.
Hurry.
I won't let them hurt her.
Dad. It's okay. baby.
Baby. baby. shh. Dad!
Listen to me.
I want you to close your eyes
and think of Mom.
- Dad.
- Close your eyes. baby.
Close your eyes
and think of Mom.
And when you see her.
the monsters will be gone. Dad.
the monsters are gone.
And when you see her.
No. Dad!
They said you have to shoot them
in the head to kill them.
Who?
The woman on the radio.
They said it before
everything turned off.
Where's Spring Falls?
Some 50 miles from here.
They said we have to go there.
Yeah. That's right.
We heard that too.
No.
It's too far.
We'll never make it.
I'm gonna draw them
away from the house.
And when it's clear.
you get to the truck.
but don't start it.
Not until I give you
the signal.
What's going on?
He's drawing them away
from the house.
Lu. listen to me.
There's something
I need to tell you.
When this is all over...
no matter what...
no matter what.
always brush your teeth
before bedtime. Okay?
And now we're gonna kick these
monsters out of here. princess.
Right here!
I'm right here. Come on.
Come on.
Come on. I'm right here.
Right here. I'm right here.
Come on. Come on.
Right here.
Right here. Come on.
That's right. fuckers. Come on.
Come on.
All right. All right. now.
Come on. Come on. now. Come on.
No!
I know you're all cozy inside.
But I really...
We really wanna meet you.
little girl.
so don't get
too comfortable in there.
Hey. don't say that.
Shh. I'm not talking to you.
Now. you gotta come out soon.
And I hope. for your sake
that you look like your mother.
Because right now. there is
nothing more beautiful.
Lu.
Hmm?
Look.
Whoa.
Look. Dad.
I can see China.
Now what?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm